do not
in the union
they were positive in their vote component brand product
is well positioned
by any place where I move, you talk about isophoton
and everyone knows the company
it is what we put in value by entering
in the manufacturing processes
the module
what we make
and the cell
technically and in terms of quality is a module
higher in the market standards by asia ie isophoton
maybe the cost that was where we had the main problem
I was crazy
but the kun omen
so what we saw is that what we have to do is continue to follow
making that module with that quality
but otty half the cost
in relation to the situation
what we saw in isophoton that calmness to the product is good
the brand is p
positioned
and the market is growing in Spain
but outside we were seeing that yes
we got to work on those three points which is a bit the
the key to success
the operations photo
his photo
many deficiencies
in the manufacturing process
that caused what is called extracostes is to say
if you wafers you receive
portu manufacturing process
they never become cells, that is, for a wastebasket
the losses
Those are
Many
million euros in the case these acts
what he did
p so to speak our Korean partner is
optimize company eliyahu
manufacturing processes
order picture andes
I was in many markets
where there is no market
but neither is it expected
and yet we are in markets where what we had to do was reinforce
our presence
3 an optimization of the general expense of the company
has been carried out and it is still coming to tavo
has started with epo replaced the entire management team is today saying
I can say
that all the management team of them is worth the first line
they are no longer of the previous
and there I can tell you in comparison to what was before this
we have brought cheaper people
menéndez is to say people who come more than to work
to things a little bit the results in the next 3 to 5 years this is going to
turn around
two-thirds
will be in the united states and china
or on that axis so to speak
and a third bastad
With which
if you want to supply those markets
the logical thing is to grow healthy
because if not the transportation costs
the currency risks and all that start yes that's why our plan
increase
we say if we want to attack the American market
if we want to attack the Chinese market ximénez
because the plants the campaign we currently have here
can grow but seeing
the european market
middle East
Africa is the strategy that has been defined is the correct one for this sector
We are happy with the company, mainly with the staff
efe I see
We came to live to call the Iraqi people of Madrid understood
I wanted to be there because if there are problems here we are better 2%
practically the entire workforce
with which we are side by side with them
I can tell you that every day since you leave happy it's not interesting to know all
the truth in this subject
Well then because I and I fundamentally think that there are others
created interests is to say you have to realize that I talk about the sector
electric
right now he has no interest in the photovoltaic sector as well as what
has in the wind sector
then when it is established to the side
what will you talk about the crisis situation in general
in the letter is smaller at the time of distributing
well hey let's go demonize one be good officer to others so that the
letter is bigger threat for me the matte paper for you
let's put data or figures on the table
although the year 2009
year that has been a horrible year lissavetzky in Spain the sector
photovoltaic that is with a decree
good one was cut was cut in 2008 that affected 2009
the world power installed spoke the global were 7 gigawatts
in 2010
this year that has ended have been 15
that the sector has grown
in spite of spain p this from japan and live all this topic well it serves better
for someone to realize
p if this had not happened
What I'm seeing outside of Spain is that there is a tendency that
you can stop
3 at the end because I am one of those who thinks of who reason will enter the
system
and vested interests or particular interests as he
me and I can tell you that he slid photon
90% of our turnover is outside of Spain
where are you going to make tomorrow investments in the future
well, in those countries that
here yes support us for what you are going to do supports what are you going to do
investments
you can make additional investments so this nation of the world is
I'm telling you
look at the official data that is published on market growth
The expectations
look at what investments are being made
the 10 and first companies that are in the world in this sector
and you from the board where jobs are being generated
why do not you do them here
very easy
you have legislation that can link
to the minute now
you understand the financing from the banks
percent is cut
to this sector
at all levels the factory because it manufactures
to the installer because there is a lador
live there is no funding for this
excuse that banks put
the regulatory uncertainty
7 you move with a decree that you have changed it and that on top of it is the
new decree still very old
open
Possible changes
it is not going to invest here
the debate right now that you have to put on the table is that
If our mix is ​​this energetic
that we currently have
is the right one and which one we want to develop
and if we want to give
an important weight to the renewable ones and spoke of all
what to each technology and I would do it based on the contribution that
have the industry pif the industry is already
focused coast
all that about these expensive is cheap
it is not true
the industra station 2 important ports for cost reduction
and I tell you that in the next two years
we will arrive at what we call
the crit parity
from the east sector that means
that the energy produced
of photovoltaic origin does not matter
that any other act in 2008 here in Spain became three thousand
500 megawatts in 2009 69
how do you explain that he has been able to survive
say that in Spain everything counts that our main customers in Spain
they were small and swindlers
that were dedicated to make parks place the plates
but I love you from the manufacturer
the company like ours
spoke of installation companies that are going to assemble modules
all have disappeared
if nothing has been done as they are going to review there is another site
despite this
it was pretended that this me that I am has not been understood
it was not understood well
especially in a context
because if you say today to efe
is that we were the only ones